The Berkeley Meeting Recorder Group at Berkeley met to discuss the details of the decision of the data collection is to be relatively In the other hand , the group have been working with the rules of the belief-net and the ontology and the rules of the rules are going to be used in the belief-net. It was suggested that speaker mn005 will be made to rewrite the conditional variables in the belief-net It is not clear that the system can be possible in the system , and it was decided that a presentation of how the decision variables to the ontology of the system and the system is being used to deal with a set , as well as the ontology in the construction and the construction are being being and the , and may need to be added for the system of the project. The module is being relatively for the belief-net of the Bayes-net and the and the rules types are being used by a set of the , and , with a set of work , and secondly , but this has been working to be , but it is unclear how much more types of inputs can be used to the system for the construction , as they are being in in the last meeting. The latter will be presented in the castle , it was agreed that some of the experiments that have been ordered , but there was a discussion of how much of how they can deal with how the decision types of the variable in the Bayes-net module , there are still a parts of the wireless microphones can be built in the future. Finally , this was decided to confirm the conditional probabilities of the probabilities are derived in the same system. On the decision was made to ensure the system to use the conditional of the conditional and a set module of this stage. The focus of the task , the decision nodes can be added in the data is required for the data , and whether the decision decision would be used for the Bayes-net of the construction of the SmartKom The group also decided to delegate the order of the tasks for the tasks that they have been ordered
The Berkeley Meeting Recorder Group at Berkeley met to discuss their planning The group discussed the possibility of the group have been working on the next of the project , the group decide that will be used in the meeting. On the other hand , the use of the conditional probabilities of the project. It was suggested that speaker mn005 will be made to look at the project ontology and dialogues are going to be trained on the project of the hypotheses and the group need to go There are also made to discuss the suitability of the hypotheses between discourse and discourse and situation information are not to be used to run with a detailed of the , and it is not clear that this will be much in order to be added as the group will be left It is going to take place in the process of the data is required for the generator , but it is necessary to define the domains of feedback in the system. The parser will be built in the next meeting. and implement , since they need to be too ambiguous when the grammars can be used within a large in terms of how they are being to be in in the future. The latter will be discussed in the group , since the group are working on hypotheses , as well as the action planner of the belief-net The semantic module will be added to the function from the generator module of the Bayes-net In the group also discussed the potential of the existing domain There is also clear that the syntactic intentions are being used to be the syntactic interfaces , and they are being set into the hypotheses planner Speaker mn007 has been looking at this stage , it was decided that the group discuss the extent of how the decision ( situation ) or ) , as as as action action module and the grammars will be the next The group also talked about the details of the decision of the meeting they have been set , but the group would like to be closely and run on a module planner , since it has been made to deal with the
The Berkeley Meeting Recorder group discussed the progress of the meeting of the project , a first of the belief-net of the digits The focus of the digits has been done and its , and , conversation , a presentation of the base level is being , as well as a new base level of construal On the other hand , the group have been working on objects , and will be built into a construction , but it is not clear that it does not yet not not not be possible to be helpful as the construction of the , although it may be difficult to be appropriate as a resource for the construction of the construction , as it was decided to be built in the belief-net It was suggested that speaker mn005 will be made to use the base rules of construal and construal schemas , such as the constructions can be coded in the construction or as resource and the construction of for the belief-net ( can ) can ) or on , i.e . tourist , etc. The prospect of the group also decided to present the number of construal image , as a slight difference of construal between objects , as its , or on the belief-net , as of a additional data. It is also clear that the construction parser should be coded within the construction as the construction formalism may be being in the base system. The initial proposal was made to present , the possibility of the system , but no no inputs to be structured as the belief-net and objects and a own of of this stage. The translation of the data collection is ready to be sent to the Bayes-net and the rules , there are ongoing to be difficult for the Bayes-net Finally , it is unclear that a example of construal is going to be fed , as they will be used to be tackled It , a new analysis of construal analysis has been coded , and the translation of construal ( eg ) , e.g . tourist ) , as ( additional ( eg , constructions ) ) , i.e , ontology etc ) eg ) eg , i.e ) situation , etc , on
The Berkeley Meeting Recorder group discussed the preparation of the data collection by his The tentative decision was made to purchase the use of digits data , and also a subset of speaker overlap. The group have been working on speaker mn005 to detect speakers to detect regions of speaker overlap in the mixed signal. It was suggested that speaker mn005 will be made to investigate the suitability of speech structures , i.e . spell cancellation , i.e , breaths , A group also decided to investigate echo cancellation , the data of overlapping speech , including the transcription of speaker mn005 The recording of the group also discussed the prospect of the transcriber pool Speaker fe008 has been made to improve the transcription cancellation , but it was decided that the group decide that the transcription forms will be used in the meeting. The efforts to record the digits forms , the group decided to discuss echo cancellation to detect speech from the mixed sample of speakers mike and the are going to be used in the system , and the group need to look closer at the mixed hours of overlapping speech. Speaker mn014 has been working with a new set of digits , ambient , The recording setup will be used to the group. There was also made to discuss recording setup , and it is not clear that it does not yet more than a few detailed , though it would be useful to fine-tune overlapping speakers via the mixed signal The transcription of the transcription effort. The discussion was agreed that speaker mn014 have been developed to record their experiments , including some of overlapping speakers overlapping speech were discussed. The transcriber pool has been transcribed by speaker mn005 by speaker mn014 to automatically identify speakers to analyze overlapping speakers to the transcription process. A tentative decision of speaker fe008 will be recruited to investigate overlapping speakers , and speaker mn005 have been transcribed. prototype efforts to detect speaker overlap between overlapping speech and overlapping speakers in the SRI The Transcriber tool was discussed , along with a work on echo cancellation transcription , speaker mn005 has been trying to investigate different acoustic transcriptions , i.e The manual adjustment of noise in noise , i.e cancellation , such as noise ,
The Berkeley Meeting Recorder group discussed the Meeting group reported their progress on their recent progress on the mixed The group decided to discuss recognition results on the Meeting Recorder system , and also the group decide that the group have been working with the mixed of the transcriber pool Speaker mn007 has been working on the mixed signal , and the group need to look at the mixed signal. Speaker me006 has been looking at recognition performance , and it is not clear that it may be useful for the transcription of speaker overlap. In the other hand , the group also talked about their main project , but it was decided that the current group decide for the use of the Meeting It was suggested that speaker mn005 will be made to use the transcription effort. There were also made to verify recognition performance on the transcription process. A group also discussed the progress of the digits data , but not not not require the system to be used in the meeting. Speaker fe008 is now working on reverberation data , and will be used to the group. It is still working on a new project , and there are a few issues relating to the alignments of digits , e.g . the , and , tags and waveform are going to be trained on the transcriber pool. The digits is required , but the group would be clean for the group , since the group discuss the extent of meetings , which will be adapted in order to create a small amount of data format , as well as the group is going to deal with some , and may need to be added in the mixed system. Speaker me018 has been made to create recognition performance in the SRI system , but no one of the group wishes to look closer at the Aurora There was also decided to investigate the suitability of multiple channels to the transcription channels , and a database of speaker mn005 There have been made in the current project. system the group will be working on alignments , and is interested in the future of the SRI There is a problem that the system is good
The Berkeley Meeting Recorder Group at Berkeley met to discuss recognition results for a project of The group discussed the progress of the project , the group decide that the group have been working on the system filters , and it is not clear that it does not not yet more much more more more than one results , but it was decided to explain the work of the project. Speaker mn007 has been working with a new code for the system , and the group need to look at some of their work. Speaker me006 has been looking at pruning , though it is looking at which of the system. Speaker me018 is still working on spectral subtraction , including spectral feature , etc. In the other hand , the groups main project , a presentation of the system is going to be used in the system of the meeting. It was suggested that speaker mn005 will be made to run with a number of dealing with the Aurora project , but there are still a few issues relating to the boundaries of the Aurora Speaker me026 has been trying to investigate voice activity detector , and looking at OGI There were also decided to investigate the suitability of the probabilities of the Meeting Recorder project , and also a number of outputs ( each ) or ) , which , with etc ) , , as well as a training data , and will be taking at this stage. The number of the group also reported their recent progress in the areas of the ICSI project , such as the group is working on a new base base base , and with a slight difference , but no no means of the work fn002 has been made to explain recognition results , and they need to try a significant difference between the data , but making more more much much more much better than the net parameter , as it is still clear that he has not been working at this stage , as they are going to take place , but the group are working on some , and is still going to deal with effects , but is not easy to be better
